Hey, hey, hey.
What are you doing?
This official is a second-rank official of the imperial court
Are you going to rebel?
Well, open your dog eyes and see who we are
Ye Xuan
Ye Li
You are still alive
My nephew and my sister
So many people have been sent to find you
None of them survived.
I thought you were swallowed by a demon
Oh, what a pity.
It's a pity we're dying
This is not
Back for revenge on your siblings
Hahahaha
revenge
Believe it or not, I'm giving an order now
My relatives will come and puree you
Hahaha, it's useless even if you kill me.
This way my nephew's country will be stable
Hahahaha
The people of this clear country
Let the demons kill them all
Where did the country come from?
But you can also call one and try it.
Right.
Just...
Even if you call it a broken throat
No one will come to your rescue
What did you do?
Your Highnesses
Everything has been taken care of outside.
You ran to Wang Junshou's territory
Arrested people
You don't have the face to eat other people's food
Drink other people's wine
How big is your heart?
Now your green position
And the officers loyal to you and their young positions
We took them all down.
The pharmacy in the city is making a fortune today
Made a fortune
You witch
This official is the appointed official of the imperial court
Have the right to ask
I want to write a bold letter to my sister